First draft of the offchain component tutorial (#955)
Sovereign-Labs/sovereign-sdk: module-system/module-implementations/sov-nft-module/TUTORIAL.md

# Offchain Computation Tutorial

## Introduction

> This tutorial serves to explain the design and process of augmenting Sovereign SDK modules with offchain computation and storage capabilities

Reviewer: How about something simpler such as:

```suggestion
This guide demonstrates how to add off-chain compute and storage capabilities to Sovereign SDK modules by walking you through a simple indexer implementation.
```

  CREATE TABLE nfts
  (
  collection_address TEXT    NOT NULL,
  nft_id             BIGINT  NOT NULL,
  metadata_url       TEXT,
  owner              TEXT    NOT NULL,
  frozen             BOOLEAN NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (collection_address, nft_id)
  );
  ```
* The first 2 tables as created above are straightforward and map directly to the two primary data structures in the `sov-nft-module` - `Collection` and `Nft`
* The `collections` table uses `collection_address` as its primary key.
* The `nfts` table employs a combination of `collection_address` and `nft_id` as its primary key, given that each NFT is unique within its collection.
* We will create one more table that can show the benefits of indexing
```sql
-- Create top_owners table
CREATE TABLE top_owners
(
   owner              TEXT   NOT NULL,
   collection_address TEXT   NOT NULL,
   count              BIGINT NOT NULL,
   PRIMARY KEY (owner, collection_address)
);
```
* This table monitors each user in the system and the number of NFTs they own within a specific collection.
* With this data, you can deduce:
  * Who is the predominant owner for a particular collection, and how many NFTs they possess?

>   * What does the ownership distribution look like for each collection?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * How does the ownership distribution look like for each collection?
```

* For convenience, [init_db.sql](src/init_db.sql) provides a script that initializes the three aforementioned tables and the necessary indexes to enhance query speed. It's worth noting that the script removes any pre-existing tables before recreating them.

### 3. Create the Offchain Functions
* **Initialization**: With the tables set up, it's time to add offchain functionality to the [sov-nft-module](../sov-nft-module).
* **Using the `#[offchain]` proc macro**: This is available in the [sov-modules-macros](../../sov-modules-macros/src/lib.rs) crate. Functions marked with this macro will only execute by the rollup when the `offchain` feature flag is active.
  - If the `offchain` feature is enabled: the function is present as defined.
  - If the `offchain` feature is absent: the function body is replaced with an empty definition.
* The offchain macro is used to annotate functions that should only be executed by the rollup when the `offchain` feature flag is passed.

> * The macro produces one of two functions depending on the presence flag.

Reviewer: I believe we're repeating ourselves here. Line 87 and 88 looks similar.
